{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red21\green118\blue208;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa186

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
WIKIMEDIA FOUNDATION: User Experience Engineer
\b0\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Task Test
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\sa186

\f0\fs18 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thank you for your continued interest in Wikimedia and this position. We appreciate you taking the time to respond to our follow up questions. As mentioned, we would like to present you with a technical task. This is not pass fail, rather a way of getting a better feel for your development skills and approach to problem solving.
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs18 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We do not time this on our end and request that you keep track of time yourself report back when you return the task.
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs18 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We hope that you are up for this and look forward to hearing from you.
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260

\f0\fs18 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The primary goal of our editor engagement teams is to attract and retain new Wikipedia editors. Your goal is to help us implement a front-end for a new discussion system as outlined in:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blog.wikimedia.org/2013/05/20/flow-next-generation-discussion-system/"}}{\fldrslt http://blog.wikimedia.org/2013/05/20/flow-next-generation-discussion-system/}}
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\sa186

\f0\fs18 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Your task\uc0\u8232 You should not need to spend more than two hours on this task. If the time allotted was not appropriate for you (too much or too little), tell us how you spent your time, how you would embellish things if you had more time, or just feel free to spend more time. Let us know how much time you spent on the task.
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs18 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Download or remote grab (in your code) the JSON file of a discussion located here:
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "about:blank"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs18 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
http://unicorn.wmflabs.org/techtask/discussion.json}}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\sa186

\f0\fs18 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Write Javascript code that parses that json file and displays it as a series of threaded conversations. You may ignore \'93subscribed\'94, \'93publictags\'94, and \'93privatetags\'94. The \'93age\'94 value is in seconds, and marks \'93how long ago\'94 the response was made. A parentid of \'930\'94 means that the response is top-level.
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs18 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If you have time, add a way to reply to comments and have the replies get inserted in the page.\uc0\u8232 We\'92re looking for:
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs18 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Embellishments
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs18 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Feel free to add any as you like (or discuss some if you are short on time). Think of the optional \'93reply to\'94 task as a way to get your creative juices flowing.\uc0\u8232 Open-source friendliness\u8232 MediaWiki uses jQuery and MediaWiki.UI as the base library, but feel free to use any open-source tool: javascript framework or jQuery plugin to achieve the desired outcome.\u8232 Consideration of language and culture agnosticism, scalability, etc.\u8232 Wikipedia has over 500 million unique visitors a month, is available in 270 languages, and accessed from 3rd world countries on previous-generation smartphones for free How does your solution live in these environments?
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs18 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Security\uc0\u8232 Polish.\u8232 Does it, in short, look cool?
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0\fs18 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Please feel free to ask any follow up questions and let us know when you believe you will be able to get it back to us.
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}